gui/README.md, before:

# GUI

## Potential GUI Components
1. Pause, Play, Step controls for runtime
2. Legal Guidelines (in the information-bar)
3. (optional) Color theme choices for the map
4. Phase 0 (a button should exist to running)
    - Bloc population percentage threshold
    - Block voting percentage threshold
5. Minorities for minority-majority
6. Parties to select
7. Desired number of minority populations to consider, and the maximum and minimum population percentages for each ethnic group. The user will also be able to specify that multiple minority groups can be combined.
8. (required) Display population distribution table. (see use case 42)
9. Display the calculated majority minority districts in a table. Table should also show a comparison with the majority-minority results for the current districting
10.

<!-- This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
 -->

Commit message:

Updated the README with Felix's GUI notes.

gui/README.md, after:

# GUI

## Potential GUI Components
1. Pause, Play, Step controls for runtime
2. Legal Guidelines (in the information-bar)
3. (optional) Color theme choices for the map
4. Phase 0 (a button should exist to running)
    - Bloc population percentage threshold
    - Block voting percentage threshold
5. Minorities for minority-majority
6. Parties to select
7. Desired number of minority populations to consider, and the maximum and minimum population percentages for each ethnic group. The user will also be able to specify that multiple minority groups can be combined.
8. (required) Display population distribution table. (see use case 42)
9. Display the calculated majority minority districts in a table. Table should also show a comparison with the majority-minority results for the current districting
10. Have a nob or button to indicate whether the algorithm should run with incremental updates or in one fell swoop (31)
11. Sliders for Measure Weights, threshold for majority minority (38)
12. I would use a toggle button to switch from the new to the old, but I am not quite sure what is the best way to do this (39)
13. Display all of these scores by using a mouse over functionality that when we mouse over any specific district will show all relevant stats in a side box (40)
14.

<!-- This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 8.3.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
 -->
